[DOC-349] Updated documentation including links to examples (#156)
Certora/Documentation: docs/user-guide/tutorials.md

| [The Certora Prover pipeline](https://youtu.be/vg6da3A7lSs) | ({download}`slides <basics/stanford/09-pipeline.pdf>`)        |
| [SMT solvers                ](https://youtu.be/9QuS_8cL91w) | ({download}`slides <basics/stanford/10-smt.pdf>`)             |

> The covered examples are available on [cvl examples](https://github.com/Certora/Examples).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The covered examples are available in the [CVL examples repository](https://github.com/Certora/Examples).
```

Author: changed

> The covered examples are available in the [CVL examples repository](https://github.com/Certora/Examples).

Reviewer: I would link to the specific directory; there's a ton of stuff in the examples repo and it's hard to find the specific ones you're looking for.

Author: I linked in the doc to specific examples. This gives a link to the full repository.

Reviewer 2: this link is ok here
